plot goes here
Notes for 0.1 meeting 3/15

Opening/Enemies

So, there are two options here for how we want to begin the game.

Considering the Admins currently are a group of aliens apart of a galactic world order trying to contain humanity in a box to prevent them from successfully colonizing the stars and disrupting said order:

I think it'd be important to start the game with a piece of info that seems innocuous but in reality is very important.

*0.1 takes place in a distant future setting (the year 20XX).

A number of world superpowers (or just America?) have achieved lightspeed travel via spacecraft

Opening #1: MC is chilling at home on her computer while her mom , a computer scientist apart of the Uplink Project (the means with which one uploads their consciousness into the simulation) is talking to someone on a Bluetooth earpiece about world events while cradling a baby. (The convo will go into detail as to enrich the world) Lightspeed travel, increasing tensions between superpowers, etc. She twirls her hair with a finger and continues to talk to the person on the phone (their identity can be discussed later)

Honey, come down for dinner!

Silence.

MC, come on, dinner is finally ready!

Nothing.

Mom sighs and gets to her feet and trudges upstairs to her daughter's room with a bowl of plain pasta in hand. Outside of her room is a device which dispenses a futuristic looking gas mask. (Player is required to perform a simple execution test to relinquish the mask, a precursor for the battle system that lies ahead.)

Taking a deep breath, mom opens the door to an incredible scene to outsiders, but to her it's nothing out of the ordinary.

The camera slowly pans to the end of the room.. A hulking beast of a supercomputer sits at the end of the room. It's so impressive in fact, that the intense filth of MC's room doesn't take the spotlight. It is a warzone. Unmade bed, mountains of wrappers, dishes, glasses and clothes cloak the ground. All this visual overload could easily make one overlook the human being at the chair in front of the absolute colossus of a setup. An early twenties girl in a stained tank top, a pair of underwear, and greasy hair. You can't see her face. (Mom's facemask could either be due to her daughters' room's bad scent or due to her daughter having an autoimmune condition which reinforces her incredibly sedentary lifestyle.)

Here, honey. I made your favorite for dinner.

Mom places the bowl down right next to her daughter's (MC) mouse while MC stares intently at something on her monitor. Mom gives MC a kiss on her cheek and a hug before she exits and closes the door gently behind her. She removes the gas mask, a metallic latch retracting, freeing the back of her head. She places the gas mask back in its spot. Mom stands there for a moment, then slides her back down her daughter's door, collapsing into a ball with her face rested in her hands. She starts sobbing.

